adjust version numbers (#547)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-introduction.adoc

== About this book

This document provides an overview of {smr}, and guides you through initial installation and setup.

> It should be read in conjunction with the {susemgr} documentation suite, available from https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be read in conjunction with the {susemgr} documentation suite, available from https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager.
```

// FIXME: Update this URL when we are about to the 4.0 retail documentation
// ke, 2019-06-19

> For more information about managing your {smr} environment, or to find out where to get help, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-for-retail-3-2/retail-getting-started/retail.chap.next.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about managing your {smr} environment, or to find out where to get help, see xref:retail:retail-next.adoc[].
```
